---
page_title: "Provider: Git"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Terraform provider for Git.
---

# Git Provider

Terraform provider for Git.

## Example Usage

```terraform
provider "git" {
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- **ignore_host_key** (Boolean) Set this to true to disable SSH host key verification. This will accept any host key and is strongly discouraged. It can also be sourced from the `GIT_IGNORE_HOST_KEY` environment variable.
- **password** (String, Sensitive) A Git password. This is used to access a remote repository over HTTP. It can also be sourced from the `GIT_PASSWORD` environment variable.
- **private_key** (String, Sensitive) A PEM-encoded private key. This is used to access a remote repository over SSH. It can also be sourced from the `GIT_PRIVATE_KEY` environment variable.
- **private_key_file** (String, Deprecated) A path to a PEM-encoded private key. This is used to access a remote repository over SSH. It can also be sourced from the `GIT_PRIVATE_KEY_FILE` environment variable.Either this or `private_key` can be specified, but not both.
- **private_key_password** (String)
- **skip_tls_verify** (Boolean) Set this to true to disable verification of the server's TLS certificate chain. This is strongly discouraged. It can also be sourced from the `GIT_SKIP_TLS_VERIFY` environment variable.
- **username** (String) A Git username. This is used to access a remote repository over HTTP. It can also be sourced from the `GIT_USERNAME` environment variable.
